README.md, before:

# sta-rs

Rust library for implementing basic functionality of [STAR: Distributed
Secret-Sharing for Threshold Aggregation
Reporting](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10074).

## Disclaimer

WARNING this library has not been audited, use at your own risk! This
code is under active development and may change substantially in future
versions.

## Quickstart

Build & test:
```
cargo build
cargo test
```

Benchmarks:
```
cargo bench
```

## Example usage

See [star-wasm](./star-wasm/src/lib.rs) for public API functions exposed
by libraries.

- The `create_share` function should be called by clients, and creates
  the `share` and `tag` sent in a STAR client message, as well as the
  encryption `key` used to encrypt data to the server. Once this
  function has been called, use `key` to encrypt the desired data into a
  `ciphertext` object (using a valid AES encryption method). The client
  should then send `(ciphertext, share, tag)` to the aggregation server.
- The `group_shares` function takes in a collection of `share` objects
  and recovers the `key` object that the client used for encrypting
  `ciphertext`. This function only succeeds if the number of shares is
  higher than the prescribed threshold.


## Components

- Secret sharing is implemented using a modified implementation of the
  Rust [Sharks library](https://crates.io/crates/sharks) that makes use
  of larger base fields (129 and 255 bits, implemented using
  [zkcrypto/ff](https://github.com/zkcrypto/ff)). The secret sharing
  approach is constructed using the [Adept Secret Sharing
  framework](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/800) of Bellare et al.
- All symmetric cryptography is implemented using the Rust
  implementation of the [STROBE
  protocol](https://docs.rs/strobe-rs/0.6.2/strobe_rs/) framework.
- The Puncturable Pseudorandom Oblivious Pseudorandom Function (PPOPRF)
  library is implemented using the PPOPRF construction detailed in the
  [STAR paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10074), using the
  Goldreich-Goldwasser-Micali (GGM) puncturable PRF. This functionality
  is considered experimental.

## Supported features

Currently only functions used in the STAR1 protocol are supported and
used elsewhere. Experimental functions for running the randomness server
(and PPOPRF) required in STAR2 are provided under the `star2` feature.
These functions can be tested using the `--all-features` flag.

Commit message:

Security review of sta-rs: (#24)
- Add README, SECURITY, LICENSE for sta-rs
- key and tag explicit arrays rather than vectors
- Implement zeroizing for memory
- Update strobe-rs versions to "0.7.1"
- Add wrapper struct for `Share` to include `ZeroizeOnDrop`.

README.md, after:

# sta-rs

Rust workspace for implementing basic functionality of [STAR: Distributed
Secret-Sharing for Threshold Aggregation
Reporting](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10074).

## Disclaimer

WARNING the libraries present in this workspace have not been audited,
use at your own risk! This code is under active development and may
change substantially in future versions.

## Crates

- [sta-rs](./sta-rs): A rust implementation of the [STAR
  protocol](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10074).
- [ppoprf](./ppoprf): A rust implementation of the PPOPRF protocol
  detailed in the [STAR paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2109.10074).
- [sharks](./sharks): A fork of the existing [sharks
  crate](https://crates.io/crates/sharks) for performing Shamir secret
  sharing, using larger base fields of sizes 129 and 255 bits. The
  fields were implemented using 
- [adss-rs](./adss-rs): A rust implementation of the [Adept Secret
  Sharing scheme](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/800) of Bellare et al,
  based on the forked [sharks](./sharks) crate, using the underlying
  finite field implementation made available in
  [zkcrypto/ff](https://github.com/zkcrypto/ff).
- [star-wasm](./star-wasm): WASM bindings for using [sta-rs](./sta-rs)
  functionality.
- [strobe-rng](./strobe-rng): Additional RNG functionality built on top
  of the [strobe-rs](https://crates.io/crates/strobe-rs) crate.

## Quickstart

Build & test:
```
cargo build
cargo test
```

Benchmarks:
```
cargo bench
```

Open local copy of documentation:
```
cargo doc --open --no-deps
```
## Example usage

### WASM

See [star-wasm](./star-wasm/src/lib.rs) for public API functions exposed
by libraries.

- The `create_share` function should be called by clients, and creates
  the `share` and `tag` sent in a STAR client message, as well as the
  encryption `key` used to encrypt data to the server. Once this
  function has been called, use `key` to encrypt the desired data into a
  `ciphertext` object (using a valid AES encryption method). The client
  should then send `(ciphertext, share, tag)` to the aggregation server.
- The `group_shares` function takes in a collection of `share` objects
  and recovers the `key` object that the client used for encrypting
  `ciphertext`. This function only succeeds if the number of shares is
  higher than the prescribed threshold.
